{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red53\green134\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\cname textColor;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c25490\c61176\c100000;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: Springer Nature Submissions <hsscomms@springernature.com>\
Subject: Re: Humanities and Social Sciences Communications-Amendment required\
Date: January 14, 2025 at 10:50:21\uc0\u8239 AM GMT+1\
To: mrblasco@gmail.com\
Reply-To: Springer Nature Submissions <hsscomms@springernature.com>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Dear Prof. blasco,\
\
Manuscript Title: Exploring the Role of AI Chatbots in K-12 Education: A ComparativeStudy of Socratic and Non-Socratic Approaches\
Manuscript ID: 46e39684-e41d-496c-af01-5d543df4e716 v1.0\
\
Technical Check of your submission has now taken place. As a result, we need you to address the following points before your manuscript can progress any further:\
\
1.\
*ALL papers must include the following TWO SEPARATE statements on Ethical Approval and the Informed consent. If the information in these statements reveals your or your institution's affiliation and therefore compromises double-blind review, please include the full version in a cover letter and a redacted/anonymized version in your article file. This will ensure the referees are aware of the ethical framework used in your study, without knowing your identity.\'a0\
Please do NOT include this information in any supplementary or appendix files.\
\'a0\
*Please remove highlights from the manuscript and provide the title before Abstract.\
\'a0\
* CONFIRM AUTHOR PERSONAL INSTITUTIONAL EMAILS\
Each author is asked to respond to this email from their own institutional email address. Please use the subject: INSERT ARTICLE CODE - Author email verification\
\'a0\
\
Your paper has been placed back in the menu of the submitting author. We hope to receive your revised manuscript within 2 days from the receipt of this email. To access it, please use the following link, making sure you log in with the same email address you registered with:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://submission.springernature.com/submission/bcfa598e-80ca-4355-bbf8-4aed51307891"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 https://submission.springernature.com/submission/bcfa598e-80ca-4355-bbf8-4aed51307891}}\
\
(Press/Click on the above link to be automatically sent to the web page.)\
\
Please make the requested amendments carefully, before selecting the Submit manuscript button on the Review page. Do not change anything else in your manuscript.\
\
Meanwhile, if you have any questions, please feel free to contact me.\
\
Best regards,\
Sukanya Joshi\
Editorial Support at Humanities and Social Sciences Communications\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs32 \cf5 \strokec5 40161205:1196208
\f0\fs28 \cf3 \strokec3  \
}